Update Fly Log Shipper Queue documentation (#820)
superfly/docs: going-to-production/monitoring/exporting-logs.html.md

The Vector configuration to grab those logs within the Log Shipper is [seen here](https://github.com/superfly/fly-log-shipper/blob/main/vector-configs/vector.toml).

You can contribute to (or, you know, fork) this repository to add providers (sinks) of your own!

## Avoiding Duplicate Log Messages In High Availability Apps

> If you would like to run multiple VM's for high availability, the [NATS](https://docs.nats.io/) endpoint supports [subscription queues](https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/core-nats/queue) to ensure messages are only sent to one subscriber of the named queue. The `QUEUE` secret can be set to configure an arbitrary queue name if you want to run multiple log processes for HA and avoid duplicate messages being shipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to run more than one Machine for high availability, the [NATS](https://docs.nats.io/) endpoint supports [subscription queues](https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/core-nats/queue) to ensure messages are only sent to one subscriber of the named queue. The `QUEUE` secret can be set to configure an arbitrary queue name if you want to run multiple log processes for HA and avoid duplicate messages being shipped.
```
